gh-113804: Add 'x' format to float.format() (#119945)
python/cpython: Doc/library/string.rst

   |         | the current locale setting to insert the appropriate     |
   |         | number separator characters.                             |
   +---------+----------------------------------------------------------+

>    | ``'x'`` | For :class:`float`, hex format. Outputs the number in    |
>    |         | base 16, using lower-case letters for the digits above 9.|
>    |         | The alternate form adds ``'0x'`` prefix.                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | ``'x'`` | For :class:`float`, hex format, supported by             |
   |         | :meth:`~float.fromhex`.   Represent the number by a      |
   |         | hexadecimal string in the form ``[±][0x]h[.hhh]p±d``,    |
   |         | using using lower-case letters for the digits above 9.   |
   |         | The exponent ``d`` is written in decimal, it always      |
   |         | contains at least one digit, and it gives the power of 2 |
   |         | by which to multiply the coefficient.                    |
   |         |                                                          |
   |         | The alternate form adds ``'0x'`` prefix.                 |
```

1) maybe the first sentence + remark about lower-case is enough
2) maybe we should document also 1-normalisation & case of subnormals.

   |         |                                                          |

>    |         | Precision and ``'='`` alignment are not supported.       |

Reviewer: Hmm, what's wrong with ``=``?  This seems to be supported on my branch:
```pycon
>>> f"{-1.1:30x}"
'           -1.199999999999ap+0'
>>> f"{-1.1:=30x}"
'-           1.199999999999ap+0'
>>> f"{-1.111111:=30f}"
'-                     1.111111'
>>> f"{-1.111111:30f}"
'                     -1.111111'
```

Author: I was just too lazy to implement it. If it matters, I can change my implementation to support the "=" alignment as well.
